hello I'm chef Diane DiMeo and welcome
to bootleg tips today we are making
something very fun generally this is
something that you would brine but we
are doing it a very fast quick and easy
way and what is that sauerkraut it's a
pickle and generally it's based upon
putting something in some salt and water
and letting it ferment however we don't
always have that time and we really want
a good not store-bought sauerkraut that
we can make easily at home to match with
anything for instance maybe a Reuben so
make sure to check out my recipe for a
Reuben
but this cabbage cider vinegar salt a
little brown sugar some mustard seed I
like the ground and parts better flavor
and I just don't really like the crunchy
seeds and some oil to saute it in
alright so first what I'm going to do
and you want to make sure that you get
it really thin when cabbage finely cooks
it wilts down contains a lot of water
voila and that's it now I'm going to go
straight to the soap saute it and add
all of my other ingredients so we're
gonna have super delicious fabulous
sauerkraut my pot is already nice and
hot I'm gonna get my oil in there that's
a tad bit we don't want oily oily
sauerkraut we just want cook sauerkraut
little oil goes a long way in a hot pan
and let's see is it
ba-baby and it goes first I'm going to
let it wilt a little bit and then once
it does I'm going to add some vinegar
let it reduce add my sugar my mustard
seed and a little bit of salt
cook it down and that's about it
we do my first energy reduction
I'm not adding my seasonings now why
because each time the vinegar reduces it
either makes it a little too much
concentrated or it might not be enough
so once I had the cabbage at the right
texture that I like I will then add my
seasonings because it would be perfect
and ready to go okay
second vinegar reduction I'm going to
wilt this about thirty percent more and
then I'm gonna be ready to add the rest
of my seasonings my kraut is at the
texture that I want it to be a little
crunchy still but definitely saw a lot
of liquid has been evaporated and I'm
going to go ahead and add my salt
approximately I don't know one
tablespoon some ground mustard seed
about a half a teaspoon and sugar should
I share this okay brown sugar in got two
lovely tablespoons
yes sir and by the way that was about
I'd say well you have a half a cabbage
head more this muscle meals
and as always taste to adjust your
seasoning
but your feeling for fanti mmm that's
some sauerkraut and this has been your
tip for the week and I will see you next
week with another bootleg tip hello I'm
chef Diane DiMeo and welcome to my
kitchen
today we are making a corned beef